Previously,
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
The Standard Dimension
no longer exists.
With Z‐ARC's defeat,
this world has been reborn
as the Pendulum Dimension,
and as a result,
all of the Duelists here
have developed the ability
to Pendulum Summon.
That day transformed everything.
Yuya Sakaki.
Good luck in the tournament!
(chuckles)
Thank you!
I'm glad you all made it...
because I've changed the format
of this year's championship.
You'll be part
of a four‐way Duel.
A battle royal.
It's finally time to kick off
the Junior Arc League
Championship!
(all)
Let's do this!
This is not the first time
you have dueled each other
like this.
It was in fact during
the ARC League Championship.
You must remember
or all will be lost.
That's why this place
looks familiar.
I've been here before!
There was a Duel going on.
Some kid named... Sora!
Oh, yeah!
Declan selfishly was using
the championship
to put together
his own fighting force...
the Lancers!
(Declan)
Listen up, Moon Shadow.
Continue the battle.
It may jog more
of their memories.
(Henrietta)
What difference
will it make?
How can they save my dear,
precious Riley?
If Yuya can't win this Duel,
then he will not be able
to save Riley!
And not just Riley,
Mother.
The entire world will fall.
Folks, if this attack hits,
Yuya will be one and done,
and will be
kissing his hopes
for a pro Dueling career
good‐bye!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to Duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this Duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this Duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Oh, Riley,
I still can't believe
you've devolved
into a little baby.
Every mother wants to see their
child grow up, not grow down.
But when you defeated Z‐ARC
and trapped his evil essence
inside your body,
he did something to you.
And you haven't smiled
or laughed a day since.
Oh, how I wish
you'd just crack a smile.
(Moon Shadow)
Over here!
Turn back!
There is no escape.
Where is Yuya?
This Action Spell's
just what I needed!
Miracle protects my Hippo
and cuts the damage I take
in half!
Not a bad move,
but I'll do you one better.
'Cause the Trap Card
Abyss Improv
is a real scene stealer!
Ha!
It lets me pick an Abyss Actor
that's Level 4 or less
and use its attack points
to dish out more damage
in this battle!
No way!
(Nico)
What a shocker!
Sylvio's teaming up
with Moon Shadow
to knock Yuya out
of the Duel!
Gong don't think so!
Gong don't like this not one bit
'cause Gong don't think
no two‐on‐one's
an honorable way to Duel,
so Gong's gonna even up
the odds!
Gong tosses
Superheavy Samurai Helper
to the Graveyard
to activate its special ability!
Gong can add Superheavy Samurai
Big Benkei's defense points
to Yuya's Hippo Token
to muscle it up!
It looks like
our free‐for‐all‐brawlers
are taking sides!
Oh, boy!
(growling)
Aah!
(Nico)
Sylvio sprang his trap
to help Moon Shadow,
but it backfired,
and now it's the nimble ninja
Moon Shadow taking a knee!
(chuckling)
Sorry, that was my bad.
Who knew it would've been
much better for you
if I had kept my trap shut?
That is all right.
I am always willing
to give up ground
if it bring me closer
to my goal.
(Moon Shadow)
I end my turn.
That was awesome!
Thanks for the rescue.
Don't go thinking
that Gong saved your bacon
out of kindness.
Gong's goal is
to Duel you one‐on‐one
for the championship!
(chuckles)
Well, then, I guess you and I
are gonna have to team up.
Right!
Gong and Yuya
are joining forces
to take down Sylvio
and Moon Shadow!
And just like that,
our melee has mutated
into a two‐on‐two slugfest!
Gong and Yuya will make
a perfect team.
And a powerful one,
too!
My goosepickles are pickling!
Ready or not...
(both)
Here we come!
It's my turn!
I'll use Scale 1
Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8 Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of this Duel,
starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Now, attack!
Odd‐Eyes,
scorch Curtain Raiser
with Spiral Flame Strike!
(roaring)
Oh?
(thinking)
This reminds me of another
intense Duel I was in...
only I was riding a motorbike.
No, that's not it.
It's called a...
Duel Runner.
And it was in...
another dimension?
Yeah!
The Synchro Dimension!
Hold on!
Before your attack hits,
Curtain Raiser has a surprise
for ya!
Since it's the only card
on my field,
Curtain Raiser's attack points
are doubled,
turning its frown upside down!
Aah!
Ha!
You tried torching me
with your precious
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
but due to my quick thinking,
I was barely singed,
which proves I am the world's
greatest Dueltainer,
and you're just
a hippo‐hopping hack.
(Yuya)
Oh, really?
Hip Hippo, it's time for you
to go large and charge!
(screams)
(groaning)
I end my turn.
(thinking)
Hmm, I feel like there was
always someone cheering me on
when I made awesome plays
like this.
Who was it?
It's scratching at the back
of my head.
Nice move, Yuya,
just not nice enough.
C‐plus at best.
Huh?
You call that Dueltaining?
Well, I'd say it's more like
drool‐laming.
I know, I know.
Only a true Dueltainer
can make jokes like these,
and that Duelist is me!
So take your circus show back
to Hicksville,
because there's only one true
Dueltainer for this generation,
and his name's Sylvio,
the best of the best!
You mean third best...
behind me and, like,
way, way, way behind my dad.
He's the best of the best,
and luckily I inherited all
of his talent!
Oh?
Then maybe I should put
your so‐called talent
to the test.
You're on!
Here goes!
I draw!
To start, I'm going to set
the Pendulum Scale
using my Scale 3
Abyss Actor‐Extras
and Scale 8
Abyss Actor‐Funky Comedian!
Now I can summon monsters
between Levels 4 and 7
at the same time.
I Pendulum Summon!
Center stage,
Abyss Actor‐Superstar!
And joining it in the spotlight
will be another Curtain Raiser.
Not so fast!
I activate the Trap
Dragon's Shadow Performance!
Watch as I rise like a phoenix!
Huh?
(Yuya thinking)
Speaking of phoenixes,
I remember dueling over...
a special card.
Yeah, my dad's card.
I feel like my brain's trying
to put together a jigsaw puzzle,
but I don't have all the pieces.
Yo, wake up!
If you wanna space out,
build a rocket.
(grunts)
By tributing my Hippo Token...
I can equip my Hip Hippo
onto Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Well, that was close.
Totally thought my dragon's back
was gonna give out.
Well, it will
when I get through with you.
Now, then,
let's get back
to the Sylvio Sawatari
Spectacular!
Here comes act one.
Funky Comedian's gonna crack you
up with its Pendulum ability!
By sending
Abyss Actor‐Curtain Raiser
from my field back
to my Extra Deck...
my Abyss Actor‐Superstar
gains all
of Curtain Raiser's
attack points.
And Superstar has an ability
of its own!
It can draw an Abyss Script
and activate it!
And this script is...
none other than
Abyss Script‐Shadow Spirit.
Voila!
It's time for a wardrobe change,
Superstar!
(laughing and growling)
And action!
Abyss Actor‐Superstar,
attack Hip Hippo!
(roaring and laughing)
You know what?
I think your monster's role
needs a rewrite.
Abyss Script‐Shadow Spirit
changes your Hip Hippo's
attack points to become...
exactly the same as your
pink pal's defense points!
What?
Well, I hope Yuya came
prepped with a backup plan,
'cause if he's showing
all his cards,
then the kid just dealt
himself a losing hand!
(screams)
(whimpering)
Huh?
Way to work
those nostrils!
I activate
the Action Spell Encore!
It lets me re‐use
an Action Spell in my Graveyard!
Evasion!
Evasion fizzles out your attack!
(sighing)
That was a close call.
You are not out
of the woods yet!
By sending this card
to my Graveyard,
my Hazy Shuriken deals you
300 more points of damage.
(grunts)
Aww, man,
I forgot about Moon Shadow.
I guess that's why ninjas
are sneaky.
(Skip)
Come on, Skip, think!
Come on! Come on!
Think, Skip!
(grunts)
It's no use.
My mind's like Swiss cheese.
Hmm?
I know I'm forgetting something.
Something really,
really important.
Why do I care so much
about this fan?
Aah!
I just don't know!
(grumbling)
I'm just gonna throw this thing
in the closet.
If it's out of my sight,
it's out of my mind.
(Zuzu)
Dad, stay out of my room!
Uh, hold on.
Who said that?
♪♪♪
Wait a minute!
This isn't the closet!
It's...
(gasps)
You may have survived
my opening act,
but get set, Yuya,
because the second act is where
the real fun kicks in!
Ha!
Here goes!
With my spell
Abyss Entertainment,
by giving up half
my Abyss Actor‐Superstar's
attack points,
it can attack a second time.
Looks like your ship
has sailed.
(Yuya)
Yeah!
We all went
to the Fusion Dimension
to invade Duel Academy
and rescue our friends.
One friend in particular.
But who was it?
Hey, Yuya!
Question!
How can you Dueltain
when you can't even maintain
your life points?
Superstar, take another crack
at Hip Hippo.
(gasps)
I don't think so!
Thanks to Dragon's Shadow
Performance,
my Hip Hippo will now
be shielded from your blast!
Yeah, but your life points
won't be.
(grunting)
(thinking)
Yuya's duelin' like his head's
in the clouds.
And that brings this act
to a close.
So my Abyss Actor‐Superstar's
attack points rise back to 3,600
and the power of Shadow Spirit's
effect also wears off.
(growling)
(Yuya)
And my monsters
split apart, too.
Sylvio, Moon Shadow,
time for you guys
to switch your focus
as I bow out
to give my boy Gong a turn.
Huh.
Gong... draws!
And Gong's gonna
get things started
by setting the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1
Superheavy Samurai Jade
and Scale 8
Superheavy Samurai Coral!
Now Gong can summon up
as many monsters
between Levels 2 and 7
as Gong wants!
And that's just what Gong'll do!
Gong Pendulum Summons!
Superheavy Samurai Preparation!
Gong's gonna grab this Duel
by the horns
by summoning
Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns!
Soulhorn's special ability
activates!
Then Gong equips Soulhorns onto
Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei!
(Nico)
Oh, yeah!
Pound for pound,
that's the meatiest monster
on the field, so get
set for some smashing!
(Skip)
Gimme that mic!
Wait!
We're on the air, sir!
That's why I need it!
No way!
Gong just made
his Superheavy Samurai
even more super!
There's nothing less lacking
than a good shellacking
from a monster attacking!
(Skip)
Hey, Yuya!
So, get ready, folks.
Listen!
It's about Zuzu!
Huh?
(gasps softly)
This isn't the closet.
This room is Zuzu's.
My daughter Zuzu.
Oh, yeah, I remember!
Zuzu!
But why was she kaput
from my noggin?
All this time and we never
realized she was missing!
(gasps softly)
Zuzu.
Zuzu?
(thinking)
Of course!
That's who I was looking for!
Zuzu.
She was my best friend.
How could I ever forget her?
And the last missing piece
falls into place.
The universe is splitting into
four separate dimensions again.
Z‐ARC will be reborn
in each dimension,
restarting the cycle!
Not on my watch!
I'm going to seal Z‐ARC away
for good!
(screaming)
(Declan)
After Ray's spirit
was forced from Riley's heart,
Riley absorbed Z‐ARC's spirit
instead, sealing him away,
and Yuya was at last freed
from Z‐ARC's control.
What happened?
Anyone?
Riley was reborn as an infant‐‐
so innocent,
yet so very dangerous,
for Z‐ARC's evil lives within.
Riley hasn't laughed
or smiled since.
(Henrietta)
It must be Z‐ARC's darkness
that won't allow Riley
to feel even a moment of joy.
Yes, and if Z‐ARC's
darkness grows,
Z‐ARC will return
to threaten the world.
(Yusho)
Then we must
make Riley smile again.
And I only know of one Duelist
capable of doing that.
Looks like Yuya's in sleep mode.
Gong gotta handle this
on Gong's own!
Superheavy Samurai Preparation,
it's time to use your ability.
Gong gives up
a thousand life points,
so that you can knock off
a thousand attack points off
of one of their monsters.
(whimpering)
And Gong's picking you,
Abyss Actor Superstar!
(screams)
(screaming)
(grunting)
What do you say?
Let's do it again!
(grunting)
(roaring)
Gong's still got life points
that Gong can spare!
(shouting)
(grunting)
Superstar!
Zuzu... it's true.
I went traveling
across the dimensions
to track Zuzu down.
It's time I take
center stage!
(Zuzu screams)
(Yuya)
Zuzu!
Yuya!
(Yuya thinking)
But every time I found her,
we were always pulled apart.
Zuzu, it's me!
It's Yuya!
You have to wake up!
Yuya?
Man! Zuzu!
You're really Zuzu!
It's been like forever!
(chuckles and gasps)
Get to attacking, Big Benkei!
'Cause you can attack even when
you're in defense mode!
(growling)
(screams and grunts)
Now that Sylvio's out
of the way,
you're next, Moon Shadow!
'Cause my
Superheavy Samurai Soulhorn
allows Big Benkei to attack
for a second time!
(growling)
Aah!
And I started...
losing control.
My Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon
can attack twice in one turn!
Attack!
Wait, no, stop it!
Huh?
Just stop.
I can't see you like this.
You're dueling out of anger.
Aah!
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon, go!
Attack Pendulum Ruler!
This isn't you!
Aah!
Gong's not done, Moon Shadow!
'Cause you see,
when Gong's on a roll,
Gong just can't be stopped!
Since Superheavy Samurai
Big Benkei
destroyed your monster in battle
by destroying the two cards
in Gong's Pendulum Zone,
Superheavy Samurai Preservation
allows Big Benkei
to attack you again!
Aah!
Well done.
Yeah, I lost it.
Completely.
And from now on, there isn't
any more Dueltaining!
Only winning!
You wanted a more brutal Duel,
so I gave it to you!
Astrograph Sorcerer,
master of time and space...
I call on you
to use your mystical powers
to reshape us
into a single unstoppable force!
I remember.
(gasps)
No!
I'm Z‐ARC!